Sub queries and fact properties (#118)
appuio/appuio-io-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/architecture/metering-data-flow.adoc

Some of those texts are supposed to be dynamic.
To enable this, they're treated as templates and the dynamic parts get inserted wile creating the records on the target system.

A fact can be built from many factors.

> As a result, the result might be hard if impossible to comprehend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, it may be hard or impossible to understand how the final fact corresponds to its inputs.
```

> Being able to display some of those factors, in isolation, can be of help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Being able to display some of those factors, in isolation, can be immensely helpful when trying to understand the final result.
```

> For that, the system knows the concept of sub queries and fact properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow displaying individual factors which contribute to a fact, the system knows the concept of sub queries and fact properties.
```

A query can have any number of sub queries.

> They get run at the same time as the main query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All sub queries associated with a query are run at the same time as the main query.
```

> The sub query results get attached as properties to the fact of the main query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sub query results are attached as properties to the fact of the main query.
```
